improve pd recover step (#2195)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/pd-recover.md

### Step 3. Recover the PD Pod

> **Warning:**
>

> > Restoring the cluster by creating a new PD will lose all the configuration information that the PD has taken effect before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you restore the cluster by creating a new PD, the cluster will lose all the configuration information that has taken effect in PD before the restoration.
```

### Step 4. Recover the cluster

> 1. 4.1 Copy `pd-recover` command to the PD pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy `pd-recover` command to the PD pod:
```
